README.md, before:

# 👷‍♀️ 👷 Service Worker Detector

## 💻 💬 Description
This Chrome extension detects if a website registers a
[Service Worker](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/ServiceWorker)
by reading the ```navigator.serviceWorker.controller```
[property](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/ServiceWorkerContainer/controller).

## 🖥 🔫 Screenshot
![Screenshot](https://github.com/tomayac/service-worker-detector/blob/master/assets/screenshot.png)

## ⚤ 👍 Diversity in Tech
The extension represents Service Workers with
[construction worker emoji](http://emojipedia.org/search/?q=construction+worker).
The extension icon randomly features the female or the male construction worker.

## 📄 💼 License
Copyright 2017 Google Inc. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

[http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

Commit message:

Added Chrome Web Store link to README.

README.md, after:

# 👷‍♀️ 👷 Service Worker Detector

## 💻 💬 Description
This Chrome extension detects if a website registers a
[Service Worker](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/ServiceWorker)
by reading the ```navigator.serviceWorker.controller```
[property](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/ServiceWorkerContainer/controller).

## 🖥 🔫 Screenshot
![Screenshot](https://github.com/tomayac/service-worker-detector/blob/master/assets/screenshot.png)

## 🔧 🛍 Installation
Install the Service Worker Detector extension via the
[Chrome Web Store](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/service-worker-detector/ofdigdofloanabjcaijfidkogmejlmjc).

## ⚤ 👍 Diversity in Tech
The extension represents Service Workers with
[construction worker emoji](http://emojipedia.org/search/?q=construction+worker).
The extension icon randomly features the female or the male construction worker.

## 📄 💼 License
Copyright 2017 Google Inc. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

[http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
